so I think that everyone has some
experience especially after swimming
water is trapped in the air channel and
then what you do is try to check the
head or jump up and down to get rid of
the water trap in the air tell every
human the size of ear canal and length
of ear cleaner is different depending on
the age so especially for smoke's has a
small diameter you can think about you
have a straw one is big straw when it's
a small straw you have a that's it water
world coffee is sticky inside big straw
is easy you can get rid of water but the
small troll straw you need to shake a
lot to get rid of water out same
principle the small kid need more
acceleration to remove the water trapped
in the ear channel we measured how much
acceleration needed which is this about
10 times gravity which is the similar
acceleration soccer player can feel when
they had in the ball usually medical
doctors are recommend to leave into the
water using some vinegar or alcohol or
using hairdryer go and shake head
there's a one-sentence conclusion don't
shake your head according to some
literature if there is no side winds
cyclists can expand up to 90 percent of
their energy overcoming through any
forces if a cyclist is riding without
the presence of any wind the wind
direction that they see because moving
is in the same direction as their motion
as soon as there is a side wind that the
parent wind changes and they stand see
the wind coming from a different
direction what we've been looking at is
how we can position the second cyclists
different locations to minimize the
forces acting on that second side I had
two senior students Adam level and Alec
Cunningham worked with me on this
project they were seniors last year and
they were also in the psychical so they
had plenty of cycling experience we had
small-scale experiments you know winter
no one interesting thing that we
discovered was that the first cyclist
benefits from the other side was behind
him and the forces acting on him are
slightly decreased compared to if you
were here she were to write long and
then the fourth cyclist or the last
cyclist in our configuration seemed to
larger
versus acting on him compared to the
second or third you can think of this as
a train the front will experience low
drag echo experience some of the drag as
well because a low-pressure region
behind it but then the cars in between
are shielded by the rest of the Train
they so experience drafting but not as
much so in the middle sales are very
special kind of wings very thin so the
flow struggle to go around the sail
typically if you imagine an airplane the
flow is very smooth and goes around the
foil very easily and that generates lift
but on the sails it doesn't so that's
what fascinated me when the flow hit the
sails it actually started rolling over
and to waters it and what really
generalized lifts are at these borders
so we put a seal inside the water and we
measure the flow velocity around the
sails and in this way we could finally
see the same vortices that we could see
with numerical simulations we have
discovered recently that if we exploit
correctly a vortex which is generated
near the leading edge of the sails then
this vortex can generate a significant
increase of sail performance so my
research for the few years is to
understand how I can actually keep the
vortex in the position where I want to
have the form and the strength that I
want in order to make the ball go faster